The aim of this work was to reimagine Brothers Grimm story of Rapunzel, that has to be set up in the retro-futurist universe. After a lot of debating, we have decided to use this occasion to send a message to the younger population. 

One of the key themes that we have recognised was the issue of the young people having difficult relationships with their parents and not being aware of what is going on with their lives, their bodies and their minds. The original story talks about how Rapunzel was locked in tower by the fairy, deprived of such an important for young people contact with outside world. She is a young girl, she is not aware of her surroundings, fairy does not help her at all - we feel like this part could illustrate a difficult relationship between a mother and daughter. They do not talk much about such important aspects of a young life - the growing up problems, parents are often not aware of what is going on in their kids’ lives and kids are either too afraid of talking about their problems or they think no one would care anyway. According to Childline annual review 2016/17, they have organised over 295,000 counselling sessions during only one year. Childline is a NSPCC (National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children) service provided to everyone age 4 to 19. Children can contact Childline online or on the phone, no matter of the issue. We wanted to send a message to young people, that we know it is a long and difficult journey, full of unknowns and various obstacles. It is however, very important for them to know there is lots of support available. 

The font used for the titles in the background help to contribute to the theme of the project. The font tile our team used is Blanka, a futuristic and minimalist font. We also were discussing the possibility of adding a handwriting font for the story fragments, to intensify the concept that Rapunzel was the person who wrote them.

We have created an interactive website that aims to illustrate some of the journeys young people undertake in order to become more confident and free of worries. It would be great if everyone got help as soon as the problems arrive, but we know it is not always the case. Young people keep things to themselves, they don't want to talk their thoughts. They are also afraid of embarrassing themselves in front of their school mates and being seen as "too soft". Especially now, in 2017, they are afraid of opening up about their feelings to their relatives or friends because they think others will judge them. During the research we did spoke to some people that faced bullying in their younger ages and we've heard some heart-breaking stories. As we tried to understand the topic in greater details, we have visited various websites that tries to help the kids in need. We have also created additional page to show different types of problems. Kids struggle not only with problems at home or school. Nowadays, there are many issues with harassment, online grooming or crime.

With respect to the symbolism, we inserted the tower on the left side as a token of how distant our protagonist felt from the rest of the world when she got so many struggles in life. The road is a metaphor for the arduous journey that Rapunzel had to go through. That is the reason why the message of the story and graphic components are strictly linked and are highly compatible with each other.

The site has a few interactive elements that visitor can click on to better understand the story. We have added popup windows as interactive elements to connect the events that were significant to Rapunzel's life and made her grow us a person with the website interface.
We have used a flat design for a sharper graphics quality, that were created for this project. The colour palette that was used was inspired by retro futuristic art that we have explored online - http://paleofuture.com/.


