## Not a supportive mother Scene

I walked towards my house as slowly as I could. The longer I took to get there, the less I time there was for my mother to yell at me. I rubbed my head. It was still sore from the beating my mother had given me the previous night. On my way, I couldn't help reflecting on what I deeply feel about this loop of unfortunate events that I consider life. It's as if I'm in an abusive relationship with myself. School years are long and they're supposed to be fun but instead, everyday seems like a battle that I can't win. I'm constantly tired, no matter how much I sleep, no matter how little I do in the day. I'm scared nobody will ever want to love and respect me.  
 
I looked down at my ripped trousers and my deep blue V-neck t-shirt and sighed. I knew that they started treating me as a human waste because of the way I looked. I never showed much skin, nothing that wasn't appropriate. I don't feel comfortable wearing high heels or shirts with transparencies like the other girls. Quite the opposite, my breasts had started to grow, and the lustful looks of the boys made me sick so I started covering my body. Everyone around here seems to think that I am the biggest bore in the school and all the guys refuse to talk to me. I used to have friends in the past, but now  is getting worse and worse day by day.  
 
As I finally came to my front porch, I stopped digging in my pocket for my keys. A boastful voice floated over to me.
"Loser!" someone shouted between guffaws and sneers. I looked over my shoulder to see Angela standing on the street. "Bloody hell!" I thought. I rushed to get my key out and unlock my door. As I slammed the door shut, I knew I would soon get into trouble. I felt the oxygen being knocked from my lungs. I was determined to get to my room as soon as possible, while wishing that person had not arrived home yet. Just as I was getting to the stairs an arm reached out and yanked me back. I was thrown into the wall and my mom glared me with pure hatred in her eyes.  
 
"I thought I told you not to slam the door!" she screamed with pure rage and intimidating. She raised her right hand and I held mine up in a defensive manner closing my eyes, as a reflex reaction. After a brief wait, I heard her walking away, so I opened my eyes. Before I could move, she ordered me to follow her to the kitchen.  
 
"I bought this madeleine for your birthday. Be grateful." she said. In that instant, a happy smile was drawn on my face. I could not believe that she did something so beautiful for me. That little gesture gave me hope, just the hope I so badly needed in those disheartening moments. I decided to tell her everything that happened at school. "She will understand me" I thought. "Mom, I need to tell you something that has been making me suffer lately" I told her. My mother raised an eyebrow at me and I took it as a gesture of intrigue and willingness to listen. I started by describing what happens on the school bus almost every weekday. As I continued, her face was looking more annoyed and serious, and I was aware but I didn't stop. I could not risk losing the chance. "That's why I need your help. Please transfer me to another school, talk to the headmaster, move away to another city. Whatever is needed!" I concluded.  
 
She gave me a funny look. "Moving to another city?" she asked as a rhetorical question throwing a hair-raising sneer at the end. "You snatched my dreams when I was pregnant with you so many years ago and now you want to take them away again?" she asked with a scorn that not even a bastard child deserved. "You must be insane if you think I'm going to help you get along with your peers. I work so that you can take something to your mouth and have a roof over your head. I do not have time for your stupidities, do you hear me?!" She slapped me, causing me to slam to the floor.  
 
I had a little bit of hope that she would understand me for the first time in my life. But there was no use in trying to talk to her; she saw the world as she wanted. She is a dogmatic and frivolous woman. If you got in her way to success, she would take you down no matter who you were, even if you were her family.  
 
And just like that, she turned and stormed off to her bedroom. I went to my room, sat on my bed and leaned back against the wall. I took the MP3 player from my desk and stuck my buds in my ears allowing myself to fall into the music, one of my two releases. Sometimes I find it best to listen to music as I write. It makes the words flow easier. I sang along quietly, almost whispering, as I sat there with my eyes closed.  
