### Suicidal Thoughts Scene

I curled up into a small ball on my bed and tears flowed freely. I know I shouldn't be hurt that everyone refuses to talk to me. After my own friends put me aside, it really shouldn't surprise me. But it does hurt, it hurts like hell. Once the tears ran out, I closed my eyes attempting to forget. When I opened them, it was already daytime. I was standing in front of a picture window. I was perplexed. I realised I was no longer in my little room in my house. There were enthralling views of a green meadow from the construction where I was and I could smell the sweet scent of jasmine from the distance. I noticed that there was not a single door in that room and I looked over the edge of the window amazed by the vertiginous height. "There I was isolated from the rest of the world at the top of a tower" I thought, accepting the situation comically. Coming out of nowhere, a hand grabbed my torso and dragged me away from the window. I tried to resist, but several hands appeared to suppress me. The hands did not seem to be connected to any particular body, they were incomprehensibly suspended in the air. While doing my best to escape, I started to hear voices calling me. Those voices repeated my name over and over again as if they wanted to own me. I managed to break free and ran towards the large window. I leapt from the tower trying to break out of that distressing prison. I could feel an intense draught caressed my body as I was falling. Everything happened so quickly, it was the first second of my life in which I finally felt truly free. And then darkness came, an absolute and perfect darkness. There were no angry mothers or aggressive schoolmates there, only tranquillity, silence and peace. 
 
Suddenly I woke up with my eyes shooting open. I was sweating and it took me a moment to realise where I was. My heart was pounding. Everything had been a mere nightmare. But had it actually been a nightmare or a sweet dream? Reliving what happened in my fantasy, I was quite satisfied with the ending. I felt happy, liberated when I jumped from the tower. Without any warning, a revelation came to my mind. What if there was an alternative, a solution for all the pain that I was feeling in my heart? Maybe some pills? A knife? A bridge? What would be the fastest way to end my life? All of them are good ways to end a life that is destined to end after all. That is, we will end up dying someday. Why not making the outcome come ahead of time? Would I matter to anyone once I'm no longer in this world, even to my relatives that live far away? 
 
Why not committing the suicide at school, in the toilets, for example? A place where the whole school will be able to gaze at my cold, lifeless body lying on the floor like an empty shell. Then they will realise their mistake. In this way, I will not pass away in vain and my life would have a purpose: to make those bullies realise the damage they cause and to trigger a change in their attitudes. No other student will suffer what I have been through.
 
"Happy Birthday…" I said with a sad voice that seemed to break at any time. I did not want to miss the opportunity to congratulate myself, as this will surely be my last birthday.
