## Opening up to Mentor Scene

The class was practically empty and Miss Margaret approached me after collecting her belongings on the desk.  
 
"Rapunzel, I know something's up. You have been extremely quiet and lost in thoughts during class. Tell me what's going on. Please." she said. Damn it! The last thing I wished was for my teacher to get in the way. I did not want the school to know anything about what I was planning to do. I did not want it to get in trouble, only its students. I wanted to teach them a lesson and stop this from happening to any innocent teenager in the future. "I'm okay, Miss Blanchard. It's nothing you should worry about." I responded with a guilty voice making clear that I was hiding a secret.  
 
"All right… At least take this note with my phone number on it to call me whenever you want and to chat with me about whatever you need." she said while writing her phone number on a piece of paper that she took out of her handbag. She handed me the note and I took it showing a forced smile. She said goodbye and left the classroom, and I sighed with relief. I couldn't wait to kill myself in the toilet. I had to do it at that moment, in that room. I could not allow another person to prevent me from achieving happiness. If there is no way to find happiness in this life, I will find it in the next.  
 
I couldn't bear it. I took the knife from my backpack. But as I was raising the knife towards my throat, I started shivering. Little by little the movement was slowing down until a strange feeling didn't permit my body to carry on. Snatching life is an act of courage and I am no one. I am weak, inferior. However, there are people who care about me out there: my dear grandma Ella, auntie Amelia and my cousins, Jessica, Jack and Oliver. Even though they live far away, they still feel affection for me. Then what the hell am I doing if I have people who still love and would mourn me? I dropped the knife as if it were acid and burst into tears.  
 
Warm tears, as bright as a diamond, slid down my cheek and a thumb came from nowhere to wipe them away. I sat up straight and opened my eyes to see Miss. Margaret Blanchard beside me with a concerned look on her face. What was she doing there?  
 
"Don't cry, my love, don't cry. I'm here. Everything will be alright" she whispered in my ear while stroking my head.  
 
"I knew something wasn't right, that's why I waited outside until I heard you sobbing. But what on the Earth were you thinking to do with that knife? Sweet heart, it is normal to feel lonely and to cry. Adults also cry, constantly." she reproached me. "Please, Rapunzel, say something." she implored after a few endless seconds of pure silence. I was shocked. I was stuttering and struggled much to finish the first sentence. With a little more fluency, I addressed her explaining that I wanted to keep this secret from the rest of teachers and the director. "I respect your decision to keep this private, but your mother has to know what has happened today. Maybe I'm not the most appropriate person to help you overcome your depression, but I know who can help you better." she said. Then she took her mobile phone and began to dial a number. "But only if you are willing to take the first step." she concluded waiting for a gesture of affirmation from me.   
 
I sighted and looked up at her, looking directly into her eyes. I grasped her phone with an overwhelming determination and decided to open up to the help centre. For the first time, I was willing to seek help.  
