## 7. Happy Ending Scene

It was a cold winter afternoon and as soon as I entered the reception, I felt the cosy heat of the radiator in my shivery body. I addressed the receptionist, greeted her and asked her for directions to Dr Sophie Hopper's office. She indicated the direction and told me the room number so I wouldn't get lost. I knocked on the door and one second later heard a voice saying "Come in!". I was feeling quite uneasy, had only talked to that person over the phone, but never face to face.  
 
A beautiful woman with very long lashes like the eyes of a doll and a slender figure welcomed me from her desk. "Hi, Rapunzel. I'm Sophie. Nice to meeting you in person! You are a very pretty girl, you know?" she said. I responded with a friendly greeting as well. I took off all the unnecessary warm clothes and settled in to the comfortable swivel chair positioned next to Sophie's desk. I took a brief look at the ceiling. Her room was really commodious and had many awards and degrees on the wall.  
 
"How do you feel, darling?" she asked. "I'm okay… well, sometimes I feel huge regret for all those years lost in the pain caused by all the abuse you already know about. But other than that, I feel good." I answered thinking thoroughly what to say. Now that I realised, it has been 2 months since the first time I talked to Sophie. I believe it was the longest call of my whole life. I recalled explaining to her that the issue wasn't just the verbal, physical and mental abuse. All my self-respect and confidence had been taken away. I didn't believe in myself and was afraid I was never going to be the same again. I didn't know what was wrong with me. But now all those negative feelings has disappeared into oblivion.  
 
Sophie congratulated me on how quickly I had improved and resumed her interrogation. "And your mother? How is she? Has she done anything violent since we contacted her?" she asked me with special attention. That query made me think about how much my mother had changed after Margaret discussed with her about my almost-suicide. Sophie informed me about a week ago that if she continued with her usual behaviour from 2 months ago, the judge would surely deprive her of my guardianship. She added that, in that case, they will have to ask to my closest relative to become the legal guardian. I would not mind living with my grandmother's house for a while, but I do not want to leave my mother alone either. I hope that with time, we will get to understand each other. Our current relationship is quite neutral, she does not hit me but she does not give me any compliments or provide me whims and caresses. Apparently she cares about me after all. I'm quite confident our relationship will improve over time. Thanks to Sophie, I am now more optimistic than ever.   
 
"And with Miss Blanchard? Have you chatted recently in class?" the psychologist wondered. I nodded my head feeling truly shy. I remember with tenderness and affection the time with Miss Blanchard after finishing my call with Sophie that infamous day. I spent two hours in the classroom, holding both of her hands as I told her about the last few days, about how I felt, what I thought, what I went through... It was touching, she behaves like a real mother with me. She is without a doubt a delightful woman.  
 
"We want you to find a family, a home where you feel at ease, so if you feel unhappy about anything, come to this office and we'll chat for as long as it takes" Dr Hopper commented. "I have wonderful news to tell you, Rapunzel" she announced. I remained expectant with my eyes wide open, waiting anxiously to hear the news. "With the permission and legal agreement of your mother, we have transferred you to another institution where you will start studying next term!" the therapist stated vigorously. I was stunned. Will I really have the opportunity to start over? Will I be able to make new friends there? I immediately jumped out of the chair to hug Sophie and give her my most heartfelt gratitude.  
 
This may be the end of the beatings, insults and bullying that brought so much sadness and despair to my life. But it is also the beginning of a beautiful life where the help of others is there when you need it the most. I may be changing schools but I will never forget Margaret Blanchard. She will always hold a special place in my heart. She will always be my hero, my angel, my saviour.  
